hey it's Jeremy down here at guitar
factory the coolest place in West Seneca
we've got a limited-edition Marshall
amplifier that they just put out it's
the slash 5 watt amp it's all tube
class-a el84 power tube this guy is
definitely a screamer and plug in your
favorite guitar to this and turn it up
and just let the thing go because it's
more than impressive they've got a
vintage 30 speaker in here which is
actually a 12 inch which is pretty cool
that they're doing that for a 5 watt amp
there's a lot of the times they're
smaller combos they're using a smaller
speaker you don't really get as much
bass response out of something like that
and that full-on rock tone you're gonna
have to buy a speaker cabinet or
something like that and it's just extra
stuff that you don't have to do that
they've done with this two different
inputs on this guy there's a high and a
low so depending on what type of guitar
you're playing whether it's got
humbuckers or single coils you can plug
into and get a little more Headroom or a
little bit more breakup depending on how
high the output is on the pickups
switchable channels between clean and
overdrive also and obviously plenty of
game this is the slash amp of course
this does have digital reverb in here
too which foot switchable the foot
switch comes with the amplifier to the
digital stuffs great because they did a
great job with it it sounds awesome if
you don't get that splashy kind of noise
if you bump into the amp or anything
like that that you do with a spring
reverb this amp is going for $6.99 as I
said it's a limited edition so I'm not
sure how many they're gonna make of
these so it's going to be something
you're gonna want to come down and check
out or check us out on the web at the
guitar factory calm
and action